Place all generator options under `generate` config option (#1249)
github/view_component: docs/api.md

## Configuration

### #default_preview_layout

Set a custom default layout used for preview index and individual previews:

    config.view_component.default_preview_layout = "component_preview"

### #generate

> Configuration for generators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration for generators.
```

> Defaults to `false` unless otherwise stated.

Reviewer: This doesn't seem right. Isn't this just a namespace, not an option?

Author: I see where you're coming from - this perhaps isn't phrased accurately to what I was intending. What I meant by this was that all options under the namespace default to `false` unless otherwise stated.

```suggestion
All options under this namespace default to `false` unless otherwise stated.
```

Always generate a component with a sidecar directory:

>     config.view_component.generate.sidecar = true

Reviewer: 🤔 I wonder if a noun would be more appropriate for this namespace:

`config.view_component.generator.sidecar`

Author: I considered that, but I think naming it `generate` makes it quite clear that we're `config`uring whether to `generate` the `sidecar` directory, `distinct_locale_files`, and other things. It makes the responsibility of this area of config explicit - whether to generate certain things. 

Granted there are a couple of things that don't fit that mold, (`view_component_path` and `parent_component`), but that pushes me to wonder whether they should really be part of the namespace. The former example definitely has uses outside of generators. The latter I'm thinking could be renamed `inheriting_from`, so to say you're `generate`ing a component `inheriting_from` `ApplicationComponent`, but there's also the argument that what we have already is clear.

Author: With this in mind, I think I should drop ceed17032b57346ce8eff5bf302c834b403ee1f1 and 92e8b834e8f66310ef574f5f338a9bb96b3a95b7. Does that sound correct?

Reviewer: I think your argument makes sense. Did you consider `generates`?

Always generate a Stimulus controller alongside the component:

    config.view_component.generate.stimulus_controller = true

Always generate translations file alongside the component:

    config.view_component.generate_locale = true

Always generate as many translations files as available locales:

    config.view_component.generate.distinct_locale_files = true

> One file will be generated for each configured `I18n.available_locales`.
> Fallback on `[:en]` when no available_locales is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One file will be generated for each configured `I18n.available_locales`, falling back to `[:en]` when `available_locales` is not defined.
```

Path for component files

    config.view_component.generate.component_path = "app/my_components"

Defaults to `app/components`.

> Parent class for generated components

Reviewer: These docs feel hard to scan, as we no longer have headings folks can skim over. How do you think we could make this new format easy to skim?

Author: Not sure off the top of my head, but I'll investigate.

Author: The `docs:build` task currently builds that `.md` file using the `mattr_accessor`s on `ViewComponent::Base`. What I think I'll start to do now is write a component that can build that markdown, both to make any future changes to the generated docs more maintainable and to provide support for any further nested options we may introduce.

Reviewer 2: Maybe adding `###`-level headings for each option? Or displaying all these options in a table with 3 columns (option name, default value and description)?

Author: I went with the former about the same time as you sent this comment. It didn't actually require any changes to the implementation of our docs rake task, but I suppose it's worth keeping the changes I've made there.

    config.view_component.generate.parent_class = "MyBaseComponent"

> Defaults to "ApplicationComponent" if defined, "ViewComponent::Base" otherwise.

Author: Something's interesting here - this default is mandated not by the config, but by the generator. I wouldn't say it's a huge problem, but it does mean that right now, `config.view_component.component_parent_class` returns `nil` if it hasn't explicitly been set.

Reviewer: That's interesting. I feel like we should fix the implementation or the docs, then 😄
